1. Need to adjust css to fit all elements withing the screen
2. Improve css of Todos, it has problems with responsiveness
3. Review the code, only visuals.
4. think about changing calendar to add subject, todo buttons
START WORKING ON FUNCTIONING OF THE WEBSITE
Work with fakse database like json database
PROJECT KEY FEATURES:
1. add, change and remove assignments, exams and projects
2. analyze amount of todos done everyday, which subjects and projects done for
3. time management functions that will take todos and exams difficulty level and create a plan for everyday
4. seting goals, and also changing time balance for specific criterias
5. output the chart with todos for today with goals, exams and schedule modules


PROJECTS:
1. closing greeting box when x is pressed, and encrease number of projects
2. Projects:
    Animation of progress ring feeling up
    If no projects, show no projects text!
    Make the div pressable and summon modal that will show the project info:
        title, descprtion, progress ring
        edit project, encrease percentage done by the togler, finished project, delete project
        when person completes the project it outputs completed and it dissapears from the dashboard
    when pressed show all, animation of appearing projects. 
    then show all changes to show less
EXAMS:
1. On press toggle modal with information, that can be changed
2. On show all, show all exams sorted by dates
3. Dropdown:
    1. edit exam
    2. delete exam, with modal poping out {are you sure?}
    3. exam completed, modal poping out {which grade recieved?}
CHART:  
1. on show all redirect to the page
    1. This chart, chart with grades, diamond chart for showing todos per subjects and how inclined are they
    2.all charts will have input fields where users can manipulate data
TODOS:  
1. on press toggle modal with the todo information and ability to change data, delete data, complete todo
2. on show all show all todos
3. when complete button pressed, finished text is shown, todo is transported to the top, and x icon gets at the top, if user presses it the todo dissapears and deletes from the database
